## C# Homework 07

.What is a class? According to the book, what does a class "arrange?"
* A class is a type Class is the root word of the term classification. A class defines the kinds of data and the functionality their objects will
 have. arranges variables and method.

2.What are the two purposes of encapsulation?
* The two purposes of encapsulation are to combine methods and data within a class; in other words, to support classification and to control 
the accessibility of the methods and data; in other words, to control the use of the class.

3.How do you instantiate an instance of a class? How do you access that instance?
* Use the new keyword. you access it by calling it.

4.What is the default access of the fields and methods of a class? How do you change the default?
* Private, you can explicitly state if the methods are public or private

5.What is the syntax for writing a constructor?
* Just add a public method that does not return a value and give it the same name as the class. 
Does not have a return type, and have the same name as the class.

6.What is the difference between class fields and methods, and instance fields and methods? How do you create class fields and methods?

* Methods that belong to a class and that operate on the data belonging to a particular instance of a class are called instance methods. 
Class fields and methods are written within the class itself and are scoped locally to that class. Instances are objects written in another
 part of code apart from the originating class and are called so their fields and methods may be used.

7.How do you bring a static class in scope? Why would you want to bring a static class in scope?
* using statements. It is useful to do this for utility methods such as those found within the Math class.

8.Can you think of a good reason to create an anonymous class? What is it?
* As a way to encapsulate a set of read-only properties into a single object without having to explicitly define a type first.

9.What is polymorphism as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
* Polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on many forms.

10.What is message passing as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
in computer science, message passing is a technique for invoking behavior. its how oop operate.

11. What was the first object oriented programming language?
* Simula is the first OOP.

12. Consider this quote by Alexander Stepanov:
I find OOP technically unsound. It attempts to decompose the world in terms of interfaces that vary on a single type. To deal with the real 
problems you need multisorted algerbras - families of interfaces that span multiple types. I find OOP philosophically unsound. It claims that 
everything is an object. Even if it is true it is not very interesting - saying that everything is an object is saying nothing at all.

Who is Alexander Stephanov? What do you think about this quote?
Alexander Alexandrovich Stepanov is a Russian computer programmer.
 
